The job called adventurer. It was the result of the four heroes bringing about the end of the long, long war with the demon race that lasted many hundreds of years about seventy years ago.

Until then, the numbers of battlefields started to become greatly reduced (although there has never been a time when there weren’t any), the soldiers who once had an overflowing amount of work frantically tried to find a new lifestyle. Some of the people who were skilled with a blade were sought out by nobles and became knights, some of the people continued to cross the battlefields as mercenaries, there were those that gave up fighting and became craftsmen and farmers, there those that decided to be merchants, and those that turned their blades towards the innocent and could only live as violent bandits.

Finally, among those soldiers, there who called themselves ‘adventurers’ and started a new way of life.

Adventurer. They were those that in return for payment would fight dangerous monsters and bandits, protect the merchant carriages that passed from town to village, solved the various incidents that happened in the middle of the city, and plunder the ancient ruins that dotted the east of the continent. These people in return for not being protected by anyone chose a free lifestyle tied by no one.

It had been seventy years since the existence of adventurers came into being. The lifestyle of these adventurers varied from the small handfuls who were full of glory and success, the few who had retired satisfied with their success, and the countless who gave birth to nameless corpses. Even now they continue to increase. And today, another one of those adventurers had headed out on a new destination.

Her name was Sarah. Her specialty was bringing back treasures from ruins and such, the type of adventurer called a treasure hunter.

Sarah carefully lowered herself off the rope and headed below.

(Surely it was supposed to be today… which is why I have to be even more careful than usual.)

As she thought that she passed through the tunnel that she passed by many times before. She already memorized the path from the entrance to her destination, and Sarah herself had already taken care of all the dangerous monsters in the way. But, because of that, she had to move carefully.

(It wouldn’t be funny if I were to die with the treasure right in front of my eyes.)

In the past, her cousin who taught Sarah when she was young the ins and outs of being a treasure hunter once said this. “If you let your guard down at the very end, you’ll run into a terrible situation.”

… That cousin later found connecting room to the deepest room of an elven ruin, and the next day was wasn’t heard from again. Knowing that even today they still haven’t found the corpse, Sarah swore that she would uphold his teachings. And thanks to her carefulness, Sarah arrived at her destination without a single wound…



“…What is this?”

When she saw it, she looked dazed and raised her voice.



Five years ago, the legendary treasure hunter, William Gold spent his last years in an abandoned mining town.

The reason why he settled down in this town, which in the past mined out iron and slowly declined a few decades ago, was to take a single part of the countless treasures, which he had earned with his own hands during his lifetime, and hide it in the abandoned mine.

That’s what the rumor was.

Of course, it was a sort of fairytale. William’s family, the Gold family, even now, was a large Mercantile House rivaling a country thanks to William’s leftover inheritance. At the very least, formally, there were no records of William hiding his assets. In spite of this, Sarah visited the abandoned mine. The reason was that Sarah, by some strange coincidence, had received William Gold’s diary.

According to the dairy, after moving to the mining town, William spent seven days a week visiting the abandoned mine. What was written down was very brief, for example ‘Today is Satur’s Day. Going to the mine,’ is what was usually written down, but for some reason, of the seven days of the week, ‘Satur’s Day’ was always emphasized. When William could move, he would always without fail on ‘Satur’s Day’ go to the abandoned mine. When his body broke down due to illness and his body couldn’t move ‘Today is Satur’s Day. I resent this unmoving body’ showed up time and time again in his diary. Furthermore, from the last ‘Satur’s Day’ there were only a few several days left.

One time, on the ‘eighth day’ after the last time, he visited the abandoned mine but, at that time, all he left behind was the phrase ‘A big fool’s errand’ and countless swears.

Sarah was a young but skilled treasure hunter. At the very least, she could brag that she’s not a punk who claims to be an adventurer or thief that can’t tell a genuine article from an imitation.

This is what Sarah’s intuition was telling her. This diary was the real thing, and that she should visit the mine on the same day that William visited the mine, the same ‘Satur’s day’ or else nothing would happen.

And so, Sarah, while keeping the idea of William’s treasure in her head, entered the mine.



To do that she went behind a hidden passageway that William himself camouflaged which a novice had no way of finding, sometimes engaged in dangerous combat with monsters like a professional would, and mapped out a safe way to the final room like a pro would. Finally she proceeded to the abandoned mine’s final room on a ‘Satur’s Day,’ she saw it.

There was a door.

A sign hung from the door with the picture of a cat and a strange characters, characters that couldn’t be found in the eastern continent or the four continents, a set of characters unknown to Sarah who could read the characters of different species like the elves and the dwarves. Yesterday, there was no shape or form of it, but a door made of black oak had suddenly appeared.

“This is a door… right?”

After inspecting it, she confirmed that there were no traps and that it wasn’t locked. In other words, if she was going to enter, now would be a good time as any.

“…Anyway, nothing will happen unless I go in, I guess.”

Sarah worried for a bit but then decided to enter. Today would be the day she would come face to face with William’s inheritance, so she took care of all the preparations that she could.

Having even bought precious healing medicines that could heal even bones and internal damage with one gulp and readied top-of-the-line equipment, she challenged the door. Now, there was no going back.

“If I lose and end up a corpse, that just means this is as far as I could go… Let’s go.”

With that treasure hunter’s determination, Sarah opened the door.






